# Disclaimer

1. Stake Technologies, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company") does NOT warrant
   that (i) Lockdrop or the transfer mechanism of token made through Lockdrop, is not
   affected by computer viruses, harmful computer programs or other harmful components,
   or (ii) users will not suffer damage from these harmful components or the like while
   participating in Lockdrop.
2. In no event shall the Company be liable for any damages incurred by users or third
   parties arising out of changes in the information generated by the Company in
   connection with Lockdrop.
3. User shall manage its private key to access Lockdrop at its own expense and
   responsibility, and the Company does not hold any responsibility or manage the Private
   Keys. The Company shall not be liable for any damages incurred by users due to the loss,
   theft, unauthorized use by third parties, etc. of their private keys.
4. The Company makes NO representation or warranty with respect to the value of PLM
   tokens issued on the Plasm Network, and the Company disclaims all warranties with
   respect to, including without limitation the generation of the value, listing on the
   exchange, increase or decrease of the value, loss of the value and any other matters with
   respect to the value of PLM tokens.
5. When users transfer or sell PLM tokens, tax may be imposed. Users shall be solely
   responsible for all procedures and payments of tax incurred by them, and the Company
   shall not be responsible therefor.
6. The Company assumes NO responsibility with respect to increase, decrease or loss of
   the value of the cryptocurrency/crypto asset or profit that users may have gained or lost
   due to increase or decrease of the value of the cryptocurrency/crypto asset during the
   users participate in Lockdrop.
7. Except as otherwise expressly stated by the Company, the Company does NOT make
   any warranty with respect to Lockdrop, and shall NOT be liable for any damages incurred
   by users or third parties in connection with Lockdrop. Even if the Company is held liable
   for damages against users due to the application of the Japanese Consumer Contract Act
   or other reasons, the liability of the Company shall be limited to direct and ordinary
   damages actually incurred due to reasons attributable to the Company.
